Let's talk about how Agile/Scrum and kanban are similar, yet so different.
But you know, your learning curve shouldn't be too bad at
all. So we are on the same page, here is what I mean when I
use the phrase Agile/Scrum.
Agile is an iterative approach to project management and software
development that helps teams deliver value to their customers.
Instead of delivering large blocks of work sequentially,
an agile team delivers work in small, but consumable increments.
Scrum is an agile process framework for managing software
development. Ken Schwaber co‑developed the Scrum framework with
Jeff Sutherland in the early 1990s.
Please note Scrum is very prescriptive,
though in most organizations people have morphed it to fit their needs. Well,
I totally support that 100%.
In case you're not that familiar with Agile/Scrum,
here's a super quick overview.
First,
Agile delivers software incrementally and iteratively.
Incrementally means we haven't incremental process in which
software is developed and delivered in parts.
Each part or increment represents a completely working piece of
functionality. The size of the increment is not important,
but an increment is a fully coded and tested piece of software.
Value‑driven versus plan‑driven. Agile is often referred to as
value‑driven approach as opposed to the traditional waterfall
approach that is plan‑driven.
Hence, iterations need to provide value versus an arbitrary planning date,
forcing features that may not provide the needed value.
Also, with Agile,
the value of features drives the order of the work
to be developed and delivered.
Items with the most value, as determined by the business,
are prioritized the highest. And the Agile values, based on the Agile
Manifesto, drive the way the work itself is performed. Most importantly to me
is for you to be flexible and adaptable at all times.
Nothing that'll be discussing this course is cast in concrete.
Life in software development is not that simple.
Agile and kanban have much in common, so kanban will be somewhat familiar and,
I think, quite frankly, relatively easy to learn and use.
There are stand‑ups,
though they are different, as we learned in a previous module.
There are teams working on features, and again,
with some slight variations on how those features are worked. And
the teams are finishing their work before starting new ones. And
again, pretty close to the same.
There are subtle,
important, and critical differences that you will soon discover in
this module and certainly in the rest of the course.
Here is my point of view.
I am a big fan of Agile/Scrum.
I have embraced and used Agile/Scrum for many years and really like it, though
I have made some variations to meet business constraints.
Agile/Scrum offers great improvements over traditional or
waterfall approaches by a long shot.
But is it perfect?
I have never seen two organizations apply Agile/Scrum in the
same way, and I'm totally fine with that.
Still a great benefit over waterfall and a great methodology. If the
Agile philosophy promotes adaptability and flexibility,
which it does, of course, then to me,
it is okay to adjust your usage of Agile as you see fit.
That's just my opinion.
That's my point of view.
Keep an open mind. Kanban is a great tool to have in your toolbox and may be better suited for a situation than Agile/Scrum.